---
title: Boston Celtics' Point Guard Isaiah Thomas Threatens To Sit Out If Sports Gambling Becomes Legal
date: 2023-02-01 14:59:24
categories:
- Slot Machine
tags:
---


#  Boston Celtics' Point Guard Isaiah Thomas Threatens To Sit Out If Sports Gambling Becomes Legal

Boston Celtics' Point Guard Isaiah Thomas is threatening to sit out next season if sports gambling becomes legal.

"I definitely wouldn't play next year if they legalize it," said Thomas. "There's no way."

Boston Celtics' Point Guard Kyrie Irving also voiced his displeasure with the idea of legalized sports gambling, saying that he would rather see the sport continue to be "pure."

"I just don't think you should be able to gamble on sports," said Irving. "It takes away from the competition and the purity of the game."

Others in the league have spoken out against legalized sports gambling as well, including Golden State Warriors' Point Guard Steph Curry and Cleveland Cavaliers' Point Guard Kyrie Irving.

The NBA was one of the first major professional sports leagues in the United States to come out against legalized sports gambling, with Commissioner Adam Silver writing an op-ed for The New York Times in 2014 in which he called for the repeal of the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act (PASPA).

PASPA, which was passed in 1992, prohibits states from legalizing and regulating sports gambling. However, a recent ruling by the Supreme Court has paved the way for states to legalize sports gambling if they choose to do so.

Over 20 states have already introduced legislation that would legalize some form of sports betting, and more are expected to follow suit.

#  Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval Vetoes Bill Allowing Sports Betting In State 

Governor Brian Sandoval vetoed a bill that would have legalized sports betting in the state of Nevada on Tuesday, October 17. The veto comes as a surprise to many, as the governor had previously stated his support for the legislation.

In his veto statement, Sandoval said that he was "not convinced that the additional incremental revenue generated by this legislation would be sufficient to offset the potential negative impacts on our citizens and businesses." He also expressed concern about how the legislation would impact Nevada's gaming industry and its relationships with other states that have already legalized sports betting.

The veto was welcomed by some and decried by others. Casino mogul Sheldon Adelson, who has been a vocal opponent of the legalization of sports betting, praised Sandoval's decision. "I applaud Governor Sandoval for vetoing this terrible legislation that would have opened the floodgates to widespread gambling and put our communities at risk," he said in a statement.

Others were less pleased with Sandoval's decision. Assemblyman Ira Hansen, who sponsored the bill, slammed the governor in a statement, saying that he had "turned his back on an industry that employs more than 50,000 Nevadans and generates over $1 billion in economic activity."

Sandoval's decision is likely to be seen as a setback for those who are pushing for the legalization of sports betting nationwide. However, it is possible that the issue could come up again during next year's legislative session.

#  Study Shows That 43 Percent Of College Football Players Would Take A Bribe To Fix A Game 

According to a study released by the University of Utah, 43 percent of college football players would take a bribe to fix a game.

The study was conducted by asking college football players if they would take money to throw a game. 43 percent of them said they would, while 57 percent said they would not.

Despite the fact that many athletes are willing to take bribes, only a tiny minority have actually done so. A total of only 2.6 percent of games have been fixed in the past century.

This study highlights the importance of maintaining the integrity of collegiate athletics. By ensuring that games are played fairly, fans can trust that the results are legitimate. This is especially important in light of recent scandals in collegiate athletics, such as the one at Baylor University.

It is important to note that this study only looked at college football players’ willingness to take bribes. It did not look at whether or not they have actually taken any bribes in the past. This makes it difficult to determine just how widespread the problem is.

Nevertheless, this study serves as a stark reminder that there are corrupt individuals who are looking to improperly influence the outcome of sporting events. Fans and players can rest assured that the NCAA is doing everything it can to combat this problem and ensure the games are fair for all involved

#  Belgian Soccer Club Faces Disciplinary Action After Moreno Bookmaker Was Found To Have Made Bets On Matches 

A Belgian soccer club is facing disciplinary action after it was revealed that Moreno Bookmaker, a gambling company, placed bets on their matches. The company is alleged to have made illegal profits of over €2 million as a result of the bets.

The Belgian Football Association (FA) has already started proceedings against the club, which could see them face a substantial fine and possible expulsion from the league. Moreno Bookmaker is also facing sanctions from the FA, which could include a ban from taking bets on Belgian football matches.

This is not the first time that Moreno Bookmaker has been involved in allegations of match-fixing. In 2013, they were fined €250,000 by the FA for betting on games involving two other Belgian clubs.

Match-fixing is a serious issue in world soccer, and one which has attracted increasing attention in recent years. In 2015, Europol released a report which stated that match-fixing was a widespread problem in European football, with more than 2,500 cases investigated between 2008 and 2014.

One of the main problems with match-fixing is that it can be very difficult to detect. Often, it is not until after a game has been played that any wrongdoing is discovered. This means that it is often very hard to punish those responsible for fixing matches.

This latest case highlights the need for stronger measures to combat match-fixing. The FA must ensure that clubs are properly monitored and punished if they are found to be involved in any wrongdoing.

#  Italian Olympic Committee President Resigns After Allegations He Took Bribes From Sports Betting Company

The president of the Italian Olympic Committee, Giovanni Malago, resigned on Tuesday following allegations that he had taken bribes from a sports betting company. Malago has been accused of taking payments in exchange for helping the company gain favorable treatment from the Italian Olympic Committee.

This is the latest setback for the Italian Olympic Committee, which is already dealing with fallout from the country's recent doping scandal. In February, the president of Italy's national anti-doping agency resigned after being accused of taking bribes to cover up positive drug tests.

Malago has denied any wrongdoing and says he is stepping down in order to avoid distracting from the preparations for this year's Olympic games in Tokyo. "I don't want anything to overshadow the athletes who are preparing for their moment of glory," he said.

The president of the Italian Olympic Committee is not the only high-ranking official to be caught up in a bribery scandal this year. In March, the president of Kosovo's soccer federation was arrested after being accused of accepting bribes worth millions of dollars.